Main components:
    User
    Pickup Request
    Form for creating a pickup
    New user Sign up Form
    Automated call or text system
    View and edit User Profile

Questions: 
When a person finds a animal in need of pickup foes the wildlife center call the transporters
to find someone willing to pickup the animal or is the finder giving numbers to call?

Transporter signup:
https://www.wildlifecenter.org/transport-and-rescue-volunteer-application

link the app with our spreadsheet so that we don’t have to keep track of two things?


New idea:

First create a web app that is used only by the Wildlife Center staff that automates the calls and 
priority of the transporter being called.

Transporters do not need email/password at first it should be a just a list of contacts,
if the transporters want to sign up for the account at a later date then they could just use a
"already a volenteer" link that would convert the transporter entry to a User. User Schema
could include a tag that identifies the user as a transporter or not. 

This would help solve the problem where we have existing transporters that do not know about
the app or would prefer not to use it. If the customer has the app they would be able to 
get notifications via the App, text, email or however else they want them. Otherwise it would
just default to an automated call.

Admin dashboard would have the options to edit/remove/add users and create new pickup requests
and resolve completed pickups. Transporter dashboard would have list of active pickups sorted 
by in their range and outside their range. Also have options to edit their profile/preferences.
And keep a log of pickups they have completed and the information associated with 
it (miles, time, rescue?, desc).

Finder calls the wildlife center, front desk issues a new pickup and instructs the finder to 
call back when a transporter has been found, selects the name of the transport from a list and
adds that to the request and marks it as resolved. 